[OKTA-798712] TOC and links changes (#5108)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/event-types/index.md

## Catalog

> The following is a full listing of event types used in the [System Log API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/) with associated description and related metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a full list of event types used in the [System Log API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/SystemLog/) with associated descriptions and related metadata.
```
